androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
kamya/app/RequestNetwork.java
 kamya.app.RequestNetwork
 kamya.app.RequestNetwork$RequestListener
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
kamya/app/HomeLayout.java
 kamya.app.HomeLayout
 kamya.app.HomeLayout$1
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
kamya/app/BuildConfig.java
 kamya.app.BuildConfig
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
kamya/app/LoginActivity.java
 kamya.app.LoginActivity
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$1
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$10
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$11
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$12
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$13
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$14
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$15
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$16
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$17
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$18
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$19
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$2
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$2$1
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$2$2
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$2$3
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$20
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$21
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$22
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$22$1
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$22$1$1
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$23
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$24
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$25
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$26
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$27
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$28
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$29
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$3
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$4
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$5
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$6
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$7
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$8
 kamya.app.LoginActivity$9
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
kamya/app/R.java
 kamya.app.R
 kamya.app.R$anim
 kamya.app.R$animator
 kamya.app.R$attr
 kamya.app.R$bool
 kamya.app.R$color
 kamya.app.R$dimen
 kamya.app.R$drawable
 kamya.app.R$id
 kamya.app.R$integer
 kamya.app.R$interpolator
 kamya.app.R$layout
 kamya.app.R$mipmap
 kamya.app.R$string
 kamya.app.R$style
 kamya.app.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
kamya/app/MainActivity.java
 kamya.app.MainActivity
 kamya.app.MainActivity$1
 kamya.app.MainActivity$1$1
kamya/app/Util.java
 kamya.app.Util
 kamya.app.Util$1
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
kamya/app/LayoutActivity.java
 kamya.app.LayoutActivity
 kamya.app.LayoutActivity$1
 kamya.app.LayoutActivity$2
 kamya.app.LayoutActivity$3
 kamya.app.LayoutActivity$4
 kamya.app.LayoutActivity$5
 kamya.app.LayoutActivity$MyFragmentAdapter
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
kamya/app/SeeMoreActivity.java
 kamya.app.SeeMoreActivity
 kamya.app.SeeMoreActivity$1
 kamya.app.SeeMoreActivity$2
 kamya.app.SeeMoreActivity$3
 kamya.app.SeeMoreActivity$4
 kamya.app.SeeMoreActivity$Gridview1Adapter
 kamya.app.SeeMoreActivity$Gridview1Adapter$1
 kamya.app.SeeMoreActivity$Gridview1Adapter$2
 kamya.app.SeeMoreActivity$Gridview1Adapter$3
com/bumptech/glide/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.R
 com.bumptech.glide.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.R$styleable
kamya/app/Wishlist_FragmentActivity.java
 kamya.app.Wishlist_FragmentActivity
kamya/app/Cart_FragmentActivity.java
 kamya.app.Cart_FragmentActivity
com/bumptech/glide/gifdecoder/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder.R
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
kamya/app/RequestNetworkController.java
 kamya.app.RequestNetworkController
 kamya.app.RequestNetworkController$1
 kamya.app.RequestNetworkController$2
 kamya.app.RequestNetworkController$3
 kamya.app.RequestNetworkController$3$1
 kamya.app.RequestNetworkController$3$2
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
kamya/app/Home_FragmentActivity.java
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$1
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$10
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$11
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$11$1
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$12
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$13
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$14
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$15
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$16
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$17
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$2
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$3
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$4
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$5
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$6
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$7
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$7$1
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$8
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$9
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview1Adapter
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview1Adapter$1
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview1Adapter$2
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview1Adapter$3
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview2Adapter
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview2Adapter$1
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview2Adapter$2
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview3Adapter
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview3Adapter$1
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview3Adapter$2
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview4Adapter
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview4Adapter$1
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Listview4Adapter$2
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$NewGridAdapter
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$NewGridAdapter$1
 kamya.app.Home_FragmentActivity$Viewpager1Adapter
kamya/app/ViewProductActivity.java
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$1
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$10
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$11
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$12
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$13
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$14
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$2
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$3
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$4
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$5
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$6
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$7
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$8
 kamya.app.ViewProductActivity$9
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/example/tastytoast/R.java
 com.example.tastytoast.R
 com.example.tastytoast.R$anim
 com.example.tastytoast.R$attr
 com.example.tastytoast.R$bool
 com.example.tastytoast.R$color
 com.example.tastytoast.R$dimen
 com.example.tastytoast.R$drawable
 com.example.tastytoast.R$id
 com.example.tastytoast.R$integer
 com.example.tastytoast.R$interpolator
 com.example.tastytoast.R$layout
 com.example.tastytoast.R$string
 com.example.tastytoast.R$style
 com.example.tastytoast.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
kamya/app/Account_FragmentActivity.java
 kamya.app.Account_FragmentActivity
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
kamya/app/FileUtil.java
 kamya.app.FileUtil
kamya/app/Category_FragmentActivity.java
 kamya.app.Category_FragmentActivity
 kamya.app.Category_FragmentActivity$1
 kamya.app.Category_FragmentActivity$2
 kamya.app.Category_FragmentActivity$3
 kamya.app.Category_FragmentActivity$4
 kamya.app.Category_FragmentActivity$Gridview1Adapter
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
